Half an hour away from the opens in
Shenzhen and Shanghai. Markets are shut
here in Hong Kong for a holiday. You're
watching the China show. I'm Yvon Man
with Annabelle Jewelers. Our top
stories, Asian markets trading sideways
as we said. Hong Kong is today on a
holiday. Traders very much focused on
the dollar after its worst first half
loss loss rather in over half a century.
Investor sentiment also taking a hit as
President Trump threatens to impose a
fresh tariff level on Japan. The White
House says trade deals are coming after
the Fourth of July holiday. And a major
shift for Apple as it ways are using
outside AI tech to power a new version
of Siri trying to catch up to rivals in
Silicon Valley and beyond.
[Music]
Well, welcome to what is the first day
of trading for the second half of the
year and really what it has been a start
the first six months of 2025. I mean
really of course started when when
President Trump entered office on
January 20, but in that time since it's
been that big focus on trade deals will
we see any sort of tariff war in place.
We've seen actual wars of course in the
Middle East, not only in Gaza, but also
that 12day outbreak of violence between
Israel and Iran. Off the back of that,
you know, also concerns around the
health of the US government debt, but
off the back of that, we've seen really
a a range of different quite outsized
moves. We mentioned there the dollar
gauge. For instance, it's been the worst
start to the year for the dollar gauge
going all the way back to 1973.
We've seen Treasury yields going back or
pulling back as well. This expectation
we're going to start to see Fed easing
around the corner again. Also, these
concerns around the health of US
government debt have certainly been
playing into dynamics. Stock to oil.
We've gone uh for for Brent crude all
the way down from around $72 a barrel to
now $66 a barrel. So, these are
supportive factors generally for Asian
equities. And so, we actually have seen
the results of that. The Msei Asia
Pacific index up around 12% over this
period. But these concerns that I just
mentioned around government debt, around
tensions, whether it's kinetic or
whether it's also around trade certainly
set to play out over the remainder of
2025. So that is the state of play again
as we head into today's trading. We're
seeing Asian equities mostly moving to
the upside. Taiwan so far the standout
actually when you take a look at Taiwan
because we're moving 1% to an up to the
upside so far. There's really a key
story that's again playing into this.
Let's take a look at the Apple supplies
because this was a Bloomberg scoop that
we had out from Mark German uh talking
about the big move that Apple could be
making in terms of artificial
intelligence. We know Apple as a company
it prefers to do things in house. Now
it's looking at where are they sort of
falling short? That's certainly an AI.
Do they need to start bringing in
external partners? And we're seeing for
instance Anthropic uh could be one of
the names that they ended up picking. So
you saw Apple gaining again that's
playing out in the session so far today.
to note as well uh the the Taiwan dollar
because of course a lot of these are
Taiwanese names the Taiwan dollar we saw
a slump yesterday late into the day bit
of concern around the strength that
we've seen generally of the Taiwanese
currency these exporters feeling the
pinch from that but we did actually have
that speculation maybe we saw some more
intervention from the central bank so
that's that one there but let's also
take a look at what we're seeing ahead
of the open for China today again if you
think Asian equities have been resilient
so have Chinese ones so far to start the
year uh we've got the Msei China index
for instance is up around 16% I think uh
Avon so far. Yeah, certainly it's been a
pretty good quarter when it comes to
equities in general, right? We'll talk a
little bit more about what the second
half looks like uh with Jumb Lush. She
joins us here in this hour as well.
Let's get to our top story now.
President Trump says he may impose a
fresh tariff level on Japan over their
unwillingness to accept US rice exports.
Now, his threat comes just a week before
the deadline for higher trade levies
with the White House signaling deals may
only come after the July 4th holiday.
Our senior editor, Bill Ferris, joins us
now with the latest. And Bill, you know,
Japan really became was one of the major
nations to really start these trade
negotiations. And now you're hearing
from Trump saying, "Look, they're just
going to get a letter now on their
tariff levels." What happened? What
broke down?
Yeah, President Trump uh you know and
his top aids were saying uh even a month
ago that they thought Japan was at the
front of the line when it would come to
uh negotiating a new trade deal. They
were always uh they were always in that
top list. The president expressing a lot
more frustration in recent days. you
mentioned his talk his comments about uh
rice exports to Japan saying that they
don't take enough US rice even though
they have had some issues in their
domestic rice market with supplies and
distribution. Uh and a few days ago he
was talking about uh US auto exports to
Japan as well. Uh the US imports a lot
more uh a lot more Japanese autos than
Japan takes in return. Uh right now the
US has a 25% tariff on those Japanese
imports. So, the president seeming to
get f to focus on a couple of these uh
really key issues for his administration
and it does seem to be putting some of
the talks in jeopardy with Trump now
saying maybe I'll just assign a tariff
rate and we'll move on. Uh that will
probably be a very alarming sign to
other close US allies when it comes to
the status of their own trade talks with
that July 9th deadline looming just next
week.
Yeah. And of course, one of those allies
as a block is the is the EU and and
we're also getting some updates on how
their own discussions are going.
Yeah. Another interesting case here, the
EU saying that they may be willing to
accept a base 10% tariff rate on many of
their exports with the hopes that they
can negotiate some carveouts or lower
tariffs for things like pharmaceuticals,
uh, alcohol, uh, semiconductors and
things like that. Uh, steel and aluminum
of course as well are high on their
list. It's not clear how that's going to
play out with the administration. It was
just a couple weeks ago that Scott
Bessant and some of the top aids in the
in the Trump administration were saying
that the EU may get one of the last
trade deals. Uh but perhaps this
flexibility on the EU side is a sign
that they think some progress is being
made. Again, July 9th has been the
deadline looming uh for all these
governments out there. And uh and we're
not seeing the 90 deals in 90 days that
uh that the administration promised at
the start of this. We've only seen two
deals so far and they're really kind of
framework agreements with China and the
UK. So, a lot of details still to be
worked out.
All right, Bill. Thank you. Bill FZ
there with an update. Our senior editor.
Uh we're tracking the moves in Taiwan
dollar as Bill mentioned here. And just
after that slump yesterday, we're
actually seeing the currency extend here
this morning. That gain to now about 2%
against the dollar. So there was a lot
of intervention talk whether you know
the Taiwanese were a little getting to
that threshold or maybe the the dollar
was a little bit too strong uh the
Taiwan dollar I should say. So maybe
we're seeing a little bit of that but
certainly there's a lot of questions now
on where this goes and what the central
bank is going to do. They've stayed
quiet relatively speaking in the face of
all this. But there you go some more
strength this morning for the Taiwan
dollar bill. Yep. Uh let's also move on
take a look at what's happening in the
tech space as well because Bloomberg's
learned that Apple is considering using
AI from the likes of Anthropic or Open
AI to power a new version of Siri. A
Bloomberg intelligence global head of
technology research Mandep Singh joins
us from New York. So Mandep thanks very
much for staying up late for us on this
one. But this is a really big
development. It's also a Bloomberg
scoop. But what have we learned about
this and and what would be I guess the
intention here? because we know Apple
already has that perception that they're
a little bit behind when it comes to AI.
Yeah, clearly their Apple intelligence
efforts have not uh resulted in the kind
of traction you have seen with other
vendors like Google which also has their
own operating system and you know has
integrated their own large language
model with the Android devices. So with
Apple specifically look the services
business is a hundred billion dollar
line and a lot of that depends on
offering the kind of services that are
available on uh Android. So in this case
you know uh a lot of the LLM
functionality around calendar mail uh
you know some of the things that Siri
could offer those are the things that
can be enhanced with generative AI and
picking anthropic makes sense because
Enthropic doesn't really have a
consumerf facing business like a Google
does. So even though Apple has
traditionally partnered with Google for
search, they don't want to partner with
Google here because clearly there is
some conflict in terms of Google, you
know, rolling out their own model on
Android. And that's where Enthropic uh I
think is the story that's more obvious
for Google to partner with. And uh Open
AI could be another option, but I think
Open AI does have their own hardware
ambition. So that's where it makes
logical sense that they're going with
entropic here. Yeah, quite a significant
reversal to what they've they've done
before and maybe also an acknowledgement
that they are kind of lagging behind in
this whole AI race. So when it comes to
capex then for Apple Mande are they
going to have to raise capex like its
maximum peers? It'll be interesting to
see if Apple goes as big as you know the
other hyperscalers like Microsoft,
Google and Amazon. And I mean we've seen
those companies raise their capex to the
tune of you know 70 to 80 billion now
for this year and expectations are
they're going to grow at least uh 15 to
20% for next year. So we're talking
about hundred billion potentially in
capex from each of these hyperscalers. I
think Apple can't really make that jump
from less than 10 billion to uh you know
close to 80 to 100 billion. So it will
be more in increments but clearly they
realize they have underinvested in
generative AI partnering clearly is a
near-term solution but in the long term
I expect them to have a large language
model strategy. Probably an acquisition
makes more sense but the names that have
been thrown around so far I don't think
they're going to come cheap. So that's
where partnering makes more sense right
now.
All right Mandep thank you so much.
Medep Singh there global head of
technology research for Bloomberg
Intelligence joining us there as well.
Uh staying on tech there has been some
news here and there when it comes to
what the Tik Tok and the sale of its US
operations is really right and we're
we're hearing it's it is this consortium
which does include Blackstone as well as
Oracle. What more do we know? Yeah. and
Andre and Horowit. So that's sort of the
three and and they were the initial
three, but we're sort of getting more
details that's being leaked because I
think what's been interesting out of the
discussions that you've had between the
US and China, we haven't really been
hearing that much about Tik Tok and so
there's sort of been this speculation
because you've got that deadline that's
been extended so far three times. Right
now it carries through to midepptember,
but uh yes, this this consortium as you
said it is still contingent though. Is
China going to be approving this? Yeah,
certainly if they get that nod, that's
certainly the big thing. But yeah, it's
interesting. It is separate from the
discussions that we've been hearing uh
between the US and China at the moment.
So, is is it a separate issue? Is it
something else that's going on? Um
certainly that's one thing to watch uh
very closely. We're also counting down
the opens there in Shanghai and
Shenzhen. Hong Kong is shut for the July
1 holiday, but certainly we're watching
very closely as we wrap up what has been
a pretty interesting first half and
volatile first half for markets. We're
get the market take that coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we wrapping up what has been
a pretty turbulent six months, but
certainly ending on a pretty positive
note. When you take a look at how risk
assets are concerned, you take a look at
how Asian stocks are doing. The MXAP had
the best quarter since 2022. EM Asia,
for example, best first half in eight
years. The dollar, as we talked about,
though, that seems to be the still the
clear loser in all this, the worst first
half since 1973. Dates us back to when
Richard Nixon was president. And the S&P
of course right now, another all-time
high and really the best quarter since
2023. So overall, has been quite a sort
of turnaround when it comes to equities,
the like. Let's bring in Jimbeu,
co-founder and lead, portfolio manager
at 10cap. Jimbe, it's great to have you.
We talked about how volatile this first
half was, but ending things still on a
positive note. What's in store for the
second half, especially because there's
so so many expectations about where
tariffs are going to be and how the
Fed's going to do.
Look, I do think the second half is
actually both pretty positive still. Um,
you know, we disagree with many calling
for a big sharp fall in the share
market. We think the fundamental of the
share of the market is uh is pretty
strong. Yes, we do have more uh tariff
related news headline coming through,
but we will have more framework put in
place as we have seen with China and
Japan the like. Um the finer detail of
those trade negotiation often take a
long time and sometimes can take years.
So you know our view is that there will
be some level of framework put in place
and that's good enough for the market
and what's also good is the uh
resilience of economic activity. You
know in the US things are going um you
know still holding up pretty well. it
will slow down but so it's already
expected uh in analyst expectations and
it's actually tracking not as bad and if
you look look at the earnings momentum
um the ear the last quarterly result for
the US uh uh companies actually has been
incredibly strong of course a lot of
them led by uh the tech businesses and
the like hence why they've been the best
performer we do think that heading into
the next six month the analyst
expectations pretty reasonable um and
combined with um you know rate cuts
further down the track uh you know this
year um you know we do think the you
know market looks looks pretty good
it does seem that there's some factors
that that are still going to be holding
up we see a weaker dollar ahead we see
lower treasury yields we see lower oil I
mean these are all supportive factors
for equities so if you were to think
about your year-end expectations what
would be your prediction on on the
upside that we see for major indexes US
China Australia as
Yeah, that's quite interesting because I
think for um you know for the uh for
most of the equity market we do expect
at least miss singledigit return for
Australia where we are and for the US we
expect um somewhere between the miss
singledigit return to slightly higher.
Um with China will be very very
interesting because it has performed
very well and the economic activity in
the second half is expected to slow
down. Now, of course, um you know,
potentially there could be more stimulus
to get announced later part of this
year. Um but we do think the growth rate
will slow down with the tariff impact uh
already with the 30%. Um and then also,
you know, in the last couple quarters,
we're seeing a lot of pull forward. So,
in terms of economic activity, so next
month will be interesting for China
equity. Um you know, we do need to see
um you know, more uh sort of stimulus
towards a more um you know, more
consumer oriented space. Um but we are
are we do aware that some of them are
actually tapering off um and we are
sitting there waiting for the next
package to come through. So China equity
will be interesting to watch. Um but uh
the around the world though however we
do think that the uh the market will be
pretty stable. Uh you will have your
volatility as we go through those uh
sort of trades and um you know finer
detail of trades. Um but we do think
that kind of provides a buying
opportunity.
you the US though I mean you have the
S&P back at records you have treasury
still you know having the best month
since February how should I be looking
at dollar US assets now Jun Bay here can
I really fight the Fed and fight US
stocks
yeah that's true right so there's many
people talking about um you know
continued weakness of US dollar and the
like usually um in the environment where
we're going through a cyclical upturn we
should see weakness in the US dollar but
it's been incredibly weak um you know we
do think that uh there will be more
capital uh core capital allocate a bit
more money out of the US and diversify
into other markets like the Europe like
Australia like the rest of the Asia um
but we do think the US will remain to be
the core market um you know as a
defensive and safe haven asset um you
know should we actually saw quite
recently that when we have the
volatility in terms of the Middle East
unrest that we uh we certainly seen um
you know the more support into the US
dollar asset. Um so our view is that it
remains the most important um you know
asset in the world. Um however on the
edges um you know when things feel
people feel a bit better around the rest
of the world in terms of growth uh there
will be more money flowing into um you
know markets like um uh the rest of the
Asia and Europe.
What are the the downside risks or the
possible downside risks that you're most
concerned about?
Yeah, look at the sh with the share
market these days seems like there's
always this tail risk and suddenly they
they materialize. So of course trade is
uh you know by far um you know a very
very important um uh outcome. So you
know our expectations there will be some
framework rather than we go through the
uh volatility or uncertainty that we saw
early in the year. So that will be a big
one and also um you know what what's uh
uh yeah what's going to happen with uh
you know uh inflation and the like. Now
they all doing the right thing. It's
cooling off. Uh economic activity
slowing down. Uh hence why we have the
rate cuts around the world taking place.
Uh even Fed we still got more to come uh
this year, latter part of this year. But
if we suddenly see a resurgence
inflation then it becomes a problem. So
far with all the corporates we have
heard from uh none of them have passed
through uh you know price increase
through uh because of the higher
tariffs. So we do hope that remains
true. Um but of course a lot will depend
on what comes out of those trade
negotiations.
Um yeah it's interesting right? You say
things are looking pretty resilient for
equities or even risk assets overall.
What should I do with the havens then
right? You know all the kind of
standouts this first six months whether
it was gold uh even you know the yen the
Swiss Frank what do I do with those now
for the rest of the year?
Yeah that's really interesting. I think
many will tell you the gold will keep
going higher. Um for equity market
investors, we've been looking at the
gold equity which many of them still a
little bit lag what the gold price has
done. So um you know what uh you know
what what a lot of allocation um you
know our allocation has been looking at
how do we benefit from high gold prices
which looks like we'll sustainably stay
at where it is just given how it
provides as an alternative to dollar. um
very similar to what Bitcoin why Bitcoin
is running away as well in terms of the
price. So look, you know, we look for
equities um how we can benefit from high
gold prices. We're going a little bit
smaller um for companies that doesn't
have longterm contract where they lock
in the lower gold prices. You want to
benefit from the current spot. So that's
the area we uh we're kind of looking at.
Um you know other safe haven there's a
lot of defensive sector they have done
very well um you know early part of the
year. Um and um you know we do think the
next six months however uh the defensive
sector will be used as fun um because as
we get more clarity uh into a more
smooth sailing uh in the next six months
uh well not smooth sailing but things
getting a little bit better than it was
um you know we expect more people um
with all those capital sitting on the
sideline to be put into the equity
market put to work um you know we we we
will see more of that coming through. So
all of that will drive a better um
equity market but a bit of a sellown
maybe funding out of some of those
defensive um you know defensive names.
And just and just quickly Jumb we're
we're also curious to know how you're
going at Ten Cap because you're five
minutes five it's five months now since
launching the fund but uh the focus was
was on on Australian companies. Are you
looking to expand that that reach at
all? And how's also the the amount of of
AUM going as well or growth of that? Uh
it's go yeah it's going incredibly well.
We hit 1.6 billion. We want many new
accounts. Um and uh we look to expand
into uh Asia as soon as we could. But
look there's there's nothing like
launching the hedge fund into market
volatility and that's where we find our
opportunity. So yes, thank you very
much. It's going very well and we
continue to grow. All
right, that was Jumbay Lu, the
co-founder and lead portfolio manager at
Ten Cap. And uh we are counting down to
the open of trading in mainland markets.
Hong Kong is shut today for a public
holiday, but we are seeing those looking
to open fairly steady, but we will have
uh more on that just ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
It's a public holiday here in Hong Kong.
So, not much really on your agenda here
today, but certainly we're still
tracking what's been going on with
Wangi, the foreign minister in Europe.
And and we've been talking about, you
know, the negotiations between Europe
and the US. We're looking to see what
Europe and China uh those talks and how
that fares as well. We talked about how
it's establishment day here in the city.
Tying China PMI numbers coming out in
just a few minutes as well. Still
watching that stronger rem. We're still
at those strongest levels we've seen
since November. And we'll see that fix
once again here today was pretty much in
line but still on the stronger side. And
we're watching of course you know
obviously public holiday. What does this
mean for Macau? Gaming revenue also
coming out later on today as well. Bill.
Yeah. Also taking a look at some of the
analyst action. So Henderson Land for
instance, they've just had a raise from
HSBC. So that's an increase of 25%
implied from the last closing price. Uh
Farmer Company as well issued overweight
at Morgan Stanley's. So that implies a
45% increase from the last trading
price. And Green Tea Group, that's also
an interesting one because it's just got
a new buy from GF Securities, but it did
list just about six weeks back and is so
far trading pretty much at the listing
price. More ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. back. You're watching the
China show and we are counting down to
the open of markets. This is the first
day of trading for the second half of
the year and what a very volatile first
half it has been as well. We have
actually seen the MSEI China index
moving up around 16% over this time.
It's certainly been a backdrop of of of
course ongoing trade talks but also this
rethinking around Chinese innovation
because it's of course deepseek has been
the company that also defined the start
to the year. Yeah. And really shook the
world, right? And certainly that is why
we're we are seeing this outperformance
when it comes to some of these Chinese
equities here today. Hong Kong of course
is shut uh for of course the holiday but
certainly one to watch very closely but
your your mainland dashboard is looking
like this here right now uh when at the
time when you're seeing you know before
we even reach that August deadline there
is some framework between US and China
which you know for some may have been a
bit more of a surprise of how early we
were able to get some sort of agreement
in some ways but yes here we go that the
the framework is looking like this here
right now we're flat when it comes to
equities here today uh and watching very
closely what goes on with the iron ore
uh the Dian futures are lower. But if
you take a look at overall the Singapore
futures, I believe we've just notched
about five months of declines uh for
that commodity there. Shanghai crude
still seeing slight pressure here this
morning and we're watching when it bond
comes to bonds here pretty much flat but
still seeing a little bit of pressure
there this morning. Not a whole lot of
movement though. It is pretty quiet
overall. you take a look at how uh some
of the movers that we're seeing here if
any Apple suppliers given our scoop
about how they are maybe tapping into
chat open AI uh to to maybe help with
their sort of AI development and the
like here. Uh what does that mean for
some of these Apple suppliers? Well,
they seem to be heading lower here
today. Uh but yes, they are weighing
using outside thirdparty AI to power
Siri and what has seen quite a reversal
for the company. Uh in terms of energy
stocks, we're also watching that as
well. Also, the Asian renewable space uh
are facing some headwinds here as
Republicans uh in the US are debating a
bill right now that does ramp up
President Donald Trump's assault on wind
and solar power. So, there is a bit of a
sell-off there when it comes to Trina.
Solar, for example, down one and a half%
as well. But there's a lot of talk about
this whole dollar and where it goes,
right? The the dollar, the Dixie
basically had the worst first half since
at a time when, you know, it's quite
pivotal, right? when you did see Nixon
was in office, uh that was when they
actually deped from, you know, the
dollar from the price of gold. I mean,
it just shows to show that, you know,
there's still a lot of concern if stocks
can get back to all time high times the
US, if treasuries can actually catch a
bit again, but the dollar still keeps
going the opposite direction. And that's
despite the fact that we have Fed cuts
being priced in, and despite the fact
that we're getting to see more of these
trade deals being more materialized.
Yeah. And I guess that points to what we
hear from a lot of different analysts on
this topic. It's it's a structural
change that we're seeing for the green
back as well. And it's also this this
broader question around the role that
the dollar plays as the global reserve
currency. But it's not just around
trade. It's not just about the Fed. It's
also concerns around the health of of
the the the fiscal balance in the US.
And and on that point, I mean that the
Senate version, for instance, of the
current uh tax and spending package is
going to be looking to add more than $3
trillion to the US deficits over a
decade. Yeah. And take a look at what
you WCS shows you, right? It it's dollar
against ma some of the major currencies
for this year, year to date, it's
basically weakened double digits or 10%
or more from some of these major
currencies, right? The euro certainly
has been the standout here as well.
Taiwan dollar certainly we've been
talking about for weeks now. Japanese
yen in in in the in the mix of all this
as well. So where does it go? What are
be the drivers for the dollar moving
forward here? Let's bring in our Mline
strategist Mark Cranfield to walk us
through the the first half that we had
for the dollar. You know, what do you
think is going to be driving the dollar
moving forward? Now Mark,
um certainly Federal Reserve policy will
be right up there. people will be
looking very closely to see when the Fed
is going to cave in and give President
Trump the the interest rate cuts that
he's been asking for so frequently. Uh
obviously that fiscal policy question
that you mentioned there because if if
this bill gets passed and the and the US
does expand what's already a pretty bad
fiscal deficit position, it starts to
get even worse. It won't be too long
before the rating agencies will be
looking at that and saying that we may
need to downgrade the sovereign rating
of the US again. We had Fitch do it not
too long ago and that may be a
recurrence of that because we've also
had Treasury Secretary Bessant say that
he doesn't want to issue more debt in
the long end of the curve because yields
are too high. So if you're going to
issue more debt anyway, you're going to
have to do it more at the short end. And
the rate the rating companies don't like
that. They don't like to see debt skewed
towards short maturities because that's
a much higher risk. That means that
you're very vulnerable to changes in
short-term yields and you're squeezing
too much issuance into a short space of
time. They much prefer to see it spread
out nicely over a long period of time.
So, it's all very well saying you don't
want to issue long-term debt, but you
may be forced into that position if your
fiscal position is deteriorating. The
markets will latch on to that very
quickly. They don't need the rating
companies to tell them the situation is
getting worse. They will take it into
their own hands. And the easiest way for
macro traders to express when they're
unsure or losing confidence in the
policies of a country is to sell the
currency, in this case the US dollar. So
what you've seen in the first half of
the year could easily be replicated in
the second half if the US allows its
fiscal situation to deteriorate and at
the same time pushes for the Federal
Reserve to lower interest rates.
Yeah. And actually I do need to mention
on that point, Mark, we've actually just
had an ex post from Ray Dio of
Bridgewater Associates just in the last
few minutes and he's saying that there
needs to be a bipartisan solution to
address the US debt bomb. uh he's saying
that Republicans and Democrats need to
understand that reducing the deficit u
by having both sides essentially chip in
a little bit. So that's really the top
red story right now which points to the
concerns around this. But I want to also
get your outlook for Chinese equities
because I was just taking a look at the
MSEI China index and how it's performed
going back over the past decade. In the
third quarter it usually declines around
2%. I mean what's your sort of outlook
for the trading period for the next
three months?
Well, the Chinese equities have just
been given a gift as a byproduct of what
we were talking about with the US
dollar. The euro is at its strongest
level against the Chinese currency for
more than a decade. Now, China obviously
is looking for other markets to export
into because the US are beginning to
close the window there because of
tariffs already in place and ones that
may come down the track as well. So,
that picture is becoming more difficult
for Chinese exporters. But Europe is the
next biggest market and they already
export plenty there and they'd love to
export even more. Well, when the Chinese
currency is so attractive to
European-based buyers, obviously that
gives them a leg up as well. So you've
got this, it may be a bit overextended
in the short term, but when the euro is
against the Chinese yuan is more than
eight, that's a very not just a a good
number in terms of from the Chinese
point of view that it has those
ramifications, but it it means that the
the yuan is genuinely weak and
attractive for European buyers. So that
gives an advantage to Chinese companies.
So there may be reasons why you would
think that the Chinese rally may stall a
bit even though the stimulus is
continuing domestically. But they are
gaining advantage in the currency world
because the central bank in China has
been holding their currency back. It is
not gaining as quickly as other major
currencies. And so by doing so, it's
giving China an advantage and they may
stick with that for quite a while yet.
Yeah. And I'm seeing what what's
happening in Japan, right? The Nicke is
is seeing some pressure here. There's
concerns around what this US Japan trade
deal is going to look like and maybe
some doubts around that. But then we
also have this 10-year JGB sale
happening later on today as well. Mark,
how are you looking at Japan today?
And you haven't even mentioned BOJ
Governor Oeda. He speaks later today at
the European Central Bank meeting in
CRA. Now today we've had pretty strong
tank a much better tank report than
expected. The Bank of Japan meets later
this month. At the moment expectations
are low. Traders are not thinking that
they will change interest rates.
Governor WA would have seen that tanken
today. He's made it clear that he still
sees the door open to a further rate
hike this year, at least one. And that
window now has just got much wider for
him considering the strong data today.
He often uses overseas meetings as a
time to be a little bit more hawkish
than he would do when he's speaking at
home. It wouldn't be at all surprising,
and that's maybe why we're seeing the
yen get a bit stronger this morning. It
wouldn't be a huge surprise if Governor
Waya sounds a bit hawkish tonight and
sets up the ball rolling for the Bank of
Japan to raise rates later this month.
There's a lot of work to do. There's
more Bank of Japan speakers to come
later this month, but it could well be
kicked off today. Currency market will
be the first place that you see it. The
yen, the yen will react. Equities won't
be too happy and we'll probably see
JGB's falter as well. But suddenly that
tank report has made the Japanese
markets much more exciting this week
than they may have been otherwise.
Mark that was our MI strategist there
Mark Granth joining us from Singapore.
And just in the last few minutes as well
we've had some lines crossing the
terminal relating to Thailand. This
relates of course to the ongoing
political toy mall that we see the the
premier the 38-year-old premier Pyong
Tan Shinowatt has been resisting calls
to resign over a leaked phone call. The
latest that we have right now is that
the the Thai prime minister Pong Tan has
reshuffled her cabinet. She's going to
be overseeing the culture minister. We
have a new commerce minister as well as
a new interior minister. So that is some
of the latest. But of course, it's a
very pivotal day in Thailand because on
Tuesday, we have the constitutional
court deciding whether to accept a
petition seeking Pyongtown's ousting.
And then a separate court as well is set
to begin a trial of a decade old rule
royal insult case rather against her
father. That's of course Tax in
Shinowat. Yep. So, two legal cases that
we have to look for in the next coming
days and months and so. So, certainly
we'll see how this whole reshuffle kind
of squares with all this that's going on
here right now. Uh let's get to the
latest now when it comes to the US and
trade. US Treasury Secretary Scott
Besson says Fed officials appear quote
frozen at the wheel when it comes to
rate decisions. Speaking to Bloomberg,
Besson also discussed the search for the
next Fed chair and whether he consider
the role himself.
I will do what the president wants, but
I think I have the best job in in DC.
We're making a lot of progress with the
president's leadership. You know, think
think about it. uh we are going to have
the tax bill on his desk by July 4th.
We're going to be wrapping up the the
trade talks. So I I think you we had
great momentum and we will be working uh
on
Chair Powell's successor the over the
coming weeks and months. You had
mentioned that an announcement could be
as early as October or November and
Powell's term ends in May of 2026. How
is the street supposed to navigate
between that announcement time and the
time between the term being over for
Chair Powell? You were the one I want to
remind people that had brought up the
idea of a shadow Fed chair prior to the
election. Is a new appointee supposed to
be considered that shadow fed chair?
Well, not necessarily. We We'll see.
There's a seat opening up, a 14-year
seat opening up in January. So, we've
given thought to the idea that perhaps
that person would go on to become the
chair when Jay Powell leaves in May. Uh
or we could appoint the new chair in
May. Uh unfortunately, that's just a
two-year seat. So ultimately, do you
think that there could be some
confusion? Well, I I don't see why there
would be confusion because, you know,
obviously there are people who are
currently the at the Fed who are under
consideration. So why why would there be
confusion if that you you add another
candidate in January? So what about Fed
policy as it stands today? The president
has voiced his preference for lower
interest rates. There have been
investors, but also most recently the
Bank of International Settlements
warning about any inflation risks tied
to the tariff policy. Realistically, how
much can the Fed lower rates this year?
And what is the level and rate of
unemployment that would suggest a faster
pace of rate cuts economically? What has
to slow? Well, look, I I I said during
my confirmation, I won't talk about the
mistakes the Fed's going to make. I'll
only talk about the ones they have made.
uh they made a gigantic mistake in 2022
and as I like to point out medical
studies have shown that people who fall
tend to look at their feet which makes
them fall more and my worry here is that
having fallen down on the American
people in 2022 Feds now looking at their
feet we have seen no inflation from
tariffs
if we do which we don't have to then
there'd be a one-time price adjustment
nothing is more transitory than that.
So, you know, team transitory having
failed the American people in 22. They
seem a little frozen at at the wheel
here.
And that was the US Treasury Secretary
Scott Besson speaking with Bloomberg
Shanali Bosik there. And it really kind
of perfect sort of set up to what's
going to be happening the big big big
big panel happening in CRA later on
today. You know, as Dave calls it
always, it's the Avengers of the Central
Bankers. They're all going to be
assembling in Portugal. Um, obviously
it's going to be a big one given the
fact that there's so much disruptions
when it comes to Trump's policies and
the like and obviously the pressure from
J. Pal to cut rates as well. So, what
are the social bankers going to say
about that? Certainly is one key thing.
And really, what's the whole
inflationary impact too? Yeah. And also,
let's just sort of recap. I mean, who's
going to be sitting on that panel?
You've got you've got JPAL, but it's
also going to be his peers from Europe
or the Euro zone, Japan, South Korea,
and the UK. So this is a blockbuster
panel and actually just to to mention
Francine Lacquire a colleague will be
moderating that one but it's it's
certainly going to be really interesting
because global central bankers are
pretty much paralyzed at this point
trying to understand as you said you
know the outlook for inflation then
you've also got the outlook for growth
and and what exactly happens with
Trump's tariff policies. Yeah, everyone
seems to be sort of on hold right now,
right? The ECB, I mean, they delivered
their cuts, right? They're they're not
ready to do anymore for now. BOJ
certainly uh they're widely expected to
hold as as Mark mentioned and the BOK
also is is is insisting on acting
cautiously. So, everyone is just kind of
waiting on the sidelines to see how
these trade deals are going to fare and
really what comes out with that uh and
after July 9th. Certainly, that's going
to be the big thing here. So, and the
debate around the Fed still, right, when
you have is it going to be July or
September? And Goldman really kind of
added to that whole discussion overnight
when they also upgraded or at least
changed that their next uh the Fed cut
bet is going to be more September now
versus December, too. So, that's still
being priced in. Yeah. And I think
actually we've got a really nice uh
piece out this morning taking a look at
the outlook, but it also references a
bit of a look back at what happened in
2024 and and the view from our columnist
Craig Sterling is that it sort of
morphed that panel into a group therapy
session at the trials of setting
interest rates at times of political
stress. So again, it'll be really
interesting to see the tone that set
today. But a reminder, of course, you
can see the live coverage of that panel
later today as we said from the ECB
forum in Portugal. It is going to be
moderated by Francine at the time. you
can see on your screen. We'll have
plenty more ahead. You're watching the
China Show and this is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're just getting some data
crossing through on your Bloomberg when
it comes to the Chaiing China
manufacturing number. So that PMI coming
in better than expected at 50.4. The
estimate was for a 49.3 print and
certainly we have seen some improvement
there on the manufacturing for in the
private sort of gauge. A bit different
from what we saw yesterday in the
official gauge where we are still seeing
contraction there uh in the official
numbers. But yeah, I think you know it
is certainly seeing a little bit more
resilience uh in this gauge in
particular too. Yeah, I think it's
interesting to draw that contrast as
well because of course the the the the
main gauge tracks more of the S so the
private one is more focused on the
exporters and these ones of course could
have really been benefiting from the the
dant that we got in Geneva and so you
saw perhaps further shipments during
this period but let's also take a look
at another line that's just crossed the
terminal this relates to the biotech
industry in China and we've just got an
announcement that China is planning
steps to support innovative drug
developments and so they're going to be
looking to boost invest investments in
innovative drug developments as well. So
we are seeing an initial reaction here.
Some of these stocks are moving to the
upside. They're also saying that that
these innovative drugs will be included
in medical insurance. Uh so that's of
course a really big step forward as
well. But I mean biotech, we continue to
see China trying to move up the value
chain when it comes to the
pharmaceutical industry. Yep. And we're
also watching property stocks here in
China after we saw some home sales data.
Right. So home sales continued to
decline in June and putting further
strain on the economy and underscoring
the need for fresh support measures. So
the value of new home sales from the 100
largest property developers stood at
about 47 billion. Now according to
Bloomberg calculations, this data
represents a 23% fall in value from the
same time last year. And as we've been
keep talking about, right, we still
haven't quite found that floor uh in
this property market. We're checking
some of these developers here today.
We'll see if there's any sort of
reaction. There you Yeah, you've got
most of these to the downside this
morning. Of course, as you said, it's
that question of are we nearing the end
of the slump or or how far away would it
be? We've actually got some new research
as well out on this and our Bloomberg
intelligence team is saying that China
might still need stronger supply side
reforms like buying back unsold homes to
try and reduce the bloated inventory.
But of course, we have been hearing this
for quite a while. And actually we've
been speaking as well with the CEO of
Korea's sovereign wealth fund says that
China's property sector remains a major
concern in investment considerations.
Park Young also told us exclusively that
geopolitical tensions continue to cloud
the outlook
in terms of Chinese market. Uh it's a
little bit tricky and uh
it's a little bit complicated to invest
in uh Chinese market. Is that an
economic consideration? Is that a
geopolitical consideration? Both and uh
the Chinese tech sector is very
promising. At the same time, Chinese
privy market and macro uh condition is
little bit unclear. uh also the as you
said uh in the political the point of
view the we see the the rivalry and uh
the tension between the US and China. So
we have to consider this point and we
expect uh this trend will be continuing
for the time being. So uh now we we also
seeing the the some fundamental uh
change of the world economic the order.
Uh so now the from the globalization to
we have more the protectionism and
supply chain disruption. Uh so every
countries are trying to protect their
industries key industries including AI
and tech high-tech
is one of them.
And that was Park Yong there, KI KIC
chairman and CEO speaking exclusively
with Bloomberg's very young David Glass.
Play more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right. Well, welcome back. We talked
about it's a public holiday here in Hong
Kong as we mark handover day obviously
here July 1st and we did kick off the
day with uh there was a flag raising
ceremony as we always see there was a
fly pass as well. We got some great
pictures that show you uh what happened
there near the Bohemia square in Juan
Chai uh there and that it seems like it
was a beautiful day for it but certainly
you know it it is a day that marks a lot
in particular it's it's also the fifth
anniversary of the Beijing imposed
national security law as well. you take
a look at outside the streets, there are
big billboards that that talk about this
anniversary. Uh and and coming at a time
when, you know, there's a lot of
questions about the Hong Kong economy
just given the fact that China really
hasn't been quite strong enough for them
to actually in some ways support the
economy as as most had thought would
because we still see a Chinese economy
that's still in some ways um seeing some
headwinds. Yeah. And I guess sort of
Hong Kong maybe feels it from both
sides, not just sort of concerns about
the global backdrop, but also the
mainland economy. You have people here
that are routinely traveling across the
border. And so that's also putting
pressure on local businesses. But as you
said, it it is the fifth anniversary of
that national security law, what's being
called a watershed moment uh for the
city's trans trans rather its
transition. But uh we'll just shift now,
take another look at what's happening in
markets this morning because we are 25
minutes into the trading session so far
and we're keeping a very close watch on
what's happening with the automakers in
particular. This is after Tesla actually
raised their price for their Model 3
long range uh price to 285,000
yuan or thereabouts. But very
interesting move given that Tesla was
really the one that sparked the initial
price war. Yeah, we're watching
brokerages in particular here. There's a
new name there that is applying or at
least seeking for a Hong Kong crypto
license. That's Tenfung unit there. The
stock is still slightly lower here this
morning, but yes, we'll have a lot more
on the way in the next hour. You're
watching the China Show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session and we basically are coming off
from the lows, but we're pretty much
flat. It is quiet out there. We're
talking about some thin trading and
volumes are quite low here today given
the fact that Hong Kong markets are shut
uh for the holidays. So certainly we're
watching very closely what goes on, but
certainly kicking off the second half on
a pretty meh sort of sentiment here
today. Yeah, me I think kind of
capsulates it pretty nicely. I also
think it's really interesting to just
contrast sort of the last day of the
second quarter into the first day of the
third quarter and and both days are
really focused on trade but very
different sentiment. So yesterday for
instance there was optimism that for
instance we had Japan that was extending
or the trade delegation extending their
stay in Washington. Our sources were
telling us that India was doing the same
and today it's it's concerns that that
President Trump what he's saying about
Japan and now Japanese equities are on
the back foot. Yeah, it seems like
something's falling apart uh and the
whole US and Japan trade negotiations
right now. So, we'll see and get an
update with Bill Ferry coming up. But
yes, there you go. Uh we did come off
some of the lows as I mentioned as we
got that Taiishi number from China. The
PMI actually was better than expected
and above 50. So, at least that is a
positive sign that maybe some of these
exporters are taking advantage of this
90-day truce to frontload exports here,
right? So, 50.4 was the official number
for June as well. Yeah. And again, sort
of a different theme because yesterday
we had the the broader survey. We still
had that manufacturing gauge in
contraction territory, but today the
private reading above 50. Uh let's
taking a look at the the broader market
sentiment today. Again, you're seeing
Asian equities here that are generally
moving higher. It's been a very strong
start even with a lot of volatility, but
overall a pretty solid start to 2025.
We've got the broader gauge up around
12% over the past 6 months. Going into
the second half, we've got this
expectation that maybe we see more
progress or a lot of traders would hope
to see further progress on trade. Also,
the start of Fed easing that will be
playing into it as well. So, we're
looking ahead to the CRA forum for
instance later in Portugal today. That
will give us further insights into what
JPAL is actually thinking right now. But
that is again as we said the the outlook
for for equities today. Japan of course
as we said leading the decline so far.
Yep. Let's get to the latest on Japan
now. President Trump says he may impose
a fresh tariff level on the country over
their unwillingness to accept US rice
exports. His threat comes just over a
week before the deadline for higher
trade levies. And with the White House
signaling deals may only come after the
July 4th holiday. Let's bring in our
senior editor Bill Ferries uh who's here
with us and and just tell us why you
know we're seeing these talks break down
a bit between the US and Japan now.
Yeah, I mean it's hard to know what the
strategy is here. President Trump uh
obviously signaling some frustration but
he may also just be trying to get a
little last bit of leverage as talks
enter the final phase. We know, you
know, if you step back a month ago, the
administration was saying that Japan was
near the top of the list when it came to
their focus on getting a trade deal. The
Japanese were very quick to send a
delegation to the US to start talks
after those April 2nd uh uh tariffs were
put in place. So, uh we're not going to
know for a few days whether this is just
more of an an attempt to get some
leverage or if it signals real issues.
President Trump has expressed, as you
mentioned, frustration about uh the
amount of rice uh imports Japan accepts.
He's also expressed frustration about
the the trade and autos between the two
countries. Uh Japanese uh the the
Japanese economy importing a lot fewer
American automobiles than uh than the US
economy does. So, those are two hiccups
we've seen in the last few days. whether
it really amounts to something uh is not
something uh we're not going to know
that until we get a little bit closer to
that July 9th deadline.
Yeah. And and and tariffs on on autos
and and car parts is also big part of
the discussions around trade with the
EU.
Yeah, that's right. Right. I mean, the
EU seems to be uh willing to accept,
according to our reporting, a flat 10%
tariff rate on many of their exports,
but they are negotiating uh lower rates
or zero rates for some key sectors.
We're talking about uh alcohol exports,
things like semiconductors,
uh automobiles, steel tariff, things
like that. So, the EU looking for
generally a flat rate, but with perhaps
some carveouts. We don't know if that's
a sign that uh they're confident there's
been some progress. Just a couple weeks
ago, you had top Trump administration
officials saying that the EU may be one
of the last major economies to get a
trade deal. Now, it sounds like they're
working on some pretty specific details.
So, uh I think there's a lot of
uncertainty. That glide path to July
9th, that deadline is, uh definitely
going to be quite bumpy in the days
ahead.
What about the the days ahead for the
tax bill? Because this is causing a lot
of infighting, I think, to say the least
amongst Republican party leaders that's
now trying to be exploited from the
Democrat side as well. But just give us
some insights on that.
Yeah, so we've had about more than 12
hours of amendments being offered on the
Senate floor so far. There's not really
a light at the end of the tunnel. uh
Democrats trying to get Republicans on
the record as voting against some key
things like uh cuts to Medicaid, uh cuts
to other social welfare programs, cut to
clean energy, uh carveouts, things like
that. Uh but really the fight is, as you
suggested, within the Republican party
more than anything. We know that the
Republicans can only afford to lose two
votes or I'm sorry, three votes um to
get this bill passed. uh they have
basically lost two of those. So there's
a lot of negotiations going on behind
the scene with a handful of Republican
senators who still have concerns. The
big challenge is if they make many
changes to this legislation, it still
has to go back to the House. If the bill
costs more when it gets to the House,
that's going to be a problem for the
Republicans there. Republicans in the
House also only have a three seat
majority. So very tight uh needle to
thread here and uh several more hours at
the very least of debate on the Senate
floor before this has any chance of
getting uh sent back to the House for
final approval.
Yeah. And actually, Bill, just as we've
been speaking here, we've had some
updates uh relating to to that sticking
point around agriculture with Japan
because we've got the Japan Chief
Cabinet Secretary Yoshi Masa Hayashi
speaking in Tokyo and he's saying that
Japan won't sacrifice agriculture in the
trade talks even though he's saying that
he won't comment on the the the rice
import remarks from President Trump in
particular. But just recapping those,
President Trump is threatening to impose
a fresh tariff level on Japan, citing
the unwillingness or what he sees of the
unwillingness of Japan to accept US rice
imports. But that was our senior editor,
Bill Ferry's there. Thanks very much for
your time this morning. And Ivon, I
mean, it's it's it's we're going into
the second half now and it's really that
big focus on some of the big dynamics
we've seen, but if you had to pick out
one, you'd have to say the dollar has
been very very close. This is where I
guess traders have put the sledgehammer
on and how to express all the tariff
uncertainties, the budget deficit
uncertainties surrounding the US, right?
Because you take a look at how, you
know, how stocks are doing in the US.
We're back to record highs. You take how
treasuries are doing. They're pricing in
Fed cuts. In some ways, the dollar
continues to be hit in the face of all
that, right? And you take a look at what
we're seeing. We basically wrapped up
just a six straight monthly loss on the
Bloomberg dollar index. That's the
longest losing streak we've seen since
2017. You look at the Dixie as well. We
talked about the worst first half since
1973. So certainly the the superlatives
are there and it seems to suggest that
there are still signs that there is
traders leaning more towards weakness in
the dollar. You just talk about the Fed
pricing and the shift that we've seen
the past couple of weeks given how some
officials are leaning more dovish. You
had the likes of Yan Hotas from Goldman
Sachs saying look just given the Fed
pricing and the repericing that we've
seen they've also adjusted their next
Fed cut from December to September that
could reinforce more dollar weakness
moving forward as well. And that is
despite we are seeing some progress when
it comes to trade frameworks, right? You
have trade deals uh with the US and the
UK, with the US and China for example.
More talks of maybe more coming through
in the next few weeks before we get that
deadline. And yet we're still seeing
people willing to sell the dollar,
right? You take a look at how some of
the CFTC data is looking like right now
and it's still looking pretty bearish.
In fact, you look at how it pairs out.
The the the amount of bearishness and
the bets that we're seeing on the dollar
is actually near some of the most
extreme levels that we've seen dating
back to 2009.
So despite all the kind of talk and
anticipation the Fed can cut earlier,
despite what we're seeing in terms of
trade, we're not seeing any movement or
reversal in the dollar just yet in terms
of sentiment. Bill, yeah, it's very much
a structural story. But let's uh bring
in Marjamin Zaman, head of FX research
at A&Z and and Majamine, thanks so much
for joining us this morning. I mean,
there's there's many that are saying
that we see further dollar weakness from
here, but you are one of those people as
well. So what's your expectation of of
where we see the dollar trading through
year end?
Look, I think into year end we see the
DXY at 95 and end of next year, which is
18 months from now, we're looking at a
92 to really echoing what you're just
saying. You know, we see a structural
decline in the dollar. And there just a
whole host of uh channels for where we
see dollar weakness coming through.
And how you you obviously look at the
G10 space. I think the euro has been a
really standout as a beneficiary of this
dollar of weakness. You know, how much
more to go when it comes to the euro
now? Look, I think we're looking at 120
into year end and 124 into next year.
And look, I think a couple of drivers
around the euro, right? I mean, it's
been trading like that safe haven
currency uh which the US dollar
traditionally used to uh be. I think
they've swapped roles there but broadly
I mean we have also sort of seen a
little bit of that you know the ECB
governor coming out to kind of bless
this strength because the question is
euro has strengthened a lot how much
further can it go I mean you think about
European financial conditions may be
tightening and all of that but look so
far so good I think you know the
commentary that we're seeing uh from the
European zone is really that this is an
opportunity not a threat in terms of the
euro moving higher and at the same time
you know when we look at the historic
levels from the euro. I mean broadly in
the last two decades or so um the euro
has spent more time above 120 than below
it.
What about uh the Japanese yen? Of
course another big component of the
dollar basket and and just this morning
for instance we had the the tenan survey
coming out. It was showed some
confidence among the larger
manufacturers certainly keeps the heat
on the BOJ but what's your thinking
there? Look, I think the tanken uh today
showed a pretty positive surprise on the
manufacturers front. So, sentiment is
holding up and I think that's a function
of where the dollar yen has really been
trading over the last 3 months or so and
it's really been around that 1445 mark
which is still if you look at you know
longer term where where dollar yen has
been. It's really on the weaker edge of
things. So maybe you know supportive for
the exporters there. Uh but you know at
the end of the day you could also argue
some of that front running of tariffs
could have helped sentiment as well for
businesses. um you know for bank of
Japan we continue to expect two more
hikes uh you know we saw long run
inflation expectations uh remain above
2% in the tanken and the CPI numbers
kind of validate that as well uh but you
know I think the next hike that we
expect in October is pretty much there
but I think the risk only that we see is
really coming back to those trade
negotiations which you spoke about look
I think if there are complications there
we don't get a deal you know next week
and if that continues to get extended
then you know if growth comes into
question for Japan it's then going to be
a little bit hard for bank of Japan to
raise rates when let's say growth
dynamics seem to start weakening you
know if if this uncert policy
uncertainty continues
and can you kind of what sort of
scenarios are you gaming right now when
it comes to whole the trade negotiations
and what could come out by July 9th I
mean you know if if there's a risk of of
no trade deals or if the rest of you
know what are some of the scenarios that
you're fairing for the dollar and if we
do see some sort of in the dollar is it
time to actually fade it
look that's a great question look from
where we stand today it really seems
like markets are pricing in some sort of
negotiated deals for some countries and
then for the others maybe an extension
uh into couple of months of course we
have China coming up uh in August but I
think the risk events here or the bigger
risk event here is absolutely no deal uh
we get you know either a resumption of
liberation day tariffs. I think
commentary has come out from the
administration that those high levels
are not going to be seen again. But
again, uh you know, no deal is probably
a risk event where you're going to see
probably a risk off uh and see a much
weaker shock to the dollar there than we
expect already. And then of course, we
get big trade deals all around. Uh you
will see dollar rally there. And I think
that's going to be fading because at the
end of the day, uh the US economic
momentum doesn't look great. Fed
independence is at question and there
are a whole host of other question marks
around the US fiscal agenda as well. So
I think all of that is really pointing
to a weaker dollar. So we would be
looking to fade any rally.
Got the cinch reform coming up uh later
today as well and and you're going to be
hearing from the the central bankers
from from the Fed from the from the Euro
zone, Japan, Korea, the UK
collectively. What sort of tone are you
expecting them to strike?
Look, I think it will be quite diverse.
I think um you know from the Euro zone
we would I think if anything I think
market will be looking to see what the
Euro zone or the ECB side of things say
rather than what Fed or uh Bank of Japan
commentary is because when we look at
Bank of Japan you know recent has really
been pretty cautious and again
highlighting the the trade uncertainty
which could be a risk for further hikes.
Uh and then on the Fed side of things
again very stable. I don't think the
message would be any different data
dependent. Of course, we get labor data
out today. But on the European side
again um you know recent commentary has
reinforced the idea that the central
bank is not going to push back against
Europe European appreciation and in fact
they look at it as a vote of confidence
as Europe into European stability. So I
think that's really if if we see more
commentary like that coming out from ECB
then I think that's probably going to
take you know uh to where we are
thinking would go a little bit higher
more conviction there
and maj I mean I'm taking a look at Fed
pricing and markets seem to be pricing
in maybe a Fed terminal rate about 3%
right now I mean do you think that's
it's likely that you know the Fed will
cut below this level in some way and and
what does it mean for term premium right
now things have stabilized a little bit
but should see any more scope for yields
to kind of head lower from here? Yeah,
look, I think uh yields are reflecting
again uh low inflation expectations.
They're also expecting a slower growth
environment uh in the US on the long end
side of things and that's probably what
has brought yields lower. At the end of
the day, we've also seen Treasury
Secretary come out to say that they're
now going to start issuing more on the
um T bill side of things rather than the
long end side of uh the curve. And all
of that in in combination is supporting
long long yields coming off. Uh in terms
of Fed expectations, look, we're
expecting a total of three rate cuts,
two this year and one more next year. I
think that's pretty fair. Um you know, I
think there will be less room on the
monetary side for them to go much lower
unless you want to go below neutral
because if you go aggressive on the
monetary front, then you have risks of
inflation coming up again. And I'm not
sure if that's what the Fed is ready to
be exposed to once again.
Majin, thank you. Majabin Zaman there,
head of FX research, joining us from
A&Z. We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, Chinese foreign minister Wangi has
begun his weekl long trip to Europe
aimed at countering US tariff pressure
by improving ties with other trading
partners. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Mman Lo on what's the
latest and what's on the agenda. Yeah,
it's a very long trip and Wangi is going
to be stopping by Brussels, Germany,
France and he is there to prepare or lay
the groundwork for this EU China summit
that is supposed to take place sometime
in late July and there are a lot of
issues that both sides have to resolve
before then and top of mind for the EU
is the exports of rare earths to the EU
because the EU has been largely caught
in the crosshairs between US and China
when China had required exporters to
have export permits to sell uh these
rare earths. overseas we saw a drop in
these export volumes across the board
including to the EU. It was down about
81% in May. So this is top of mind. It's
also something that Chinese state media
has picked upon. There was a Global
Times editorial today talking about how
rare earth should be a bonding a point
of bond between the two sides rather
than a stumbling block and also saying
that other countries have been imposing
a lot of export controls on rare rare
materials and China has in fact been
allowing the flow of these rare earths
as long as they meet regulatory
approvals and as long as they are for
civilian prop purposes. So essentially
saying that China is not weaponizing
trade and it's been consistent. It's
keeping with international norms when it
comes to rare earth. Of course, the
other big thing is the trade surplus
that China has been running with the EU.
It's been hitting record high in the
first five months of the year. That's
again because of the tariff war with the
United States. So, these Chinese
exporters are looking for alternative
markets. And where are they going?
They're looking for open markets, rich
economies, and EU is one of the top
destinations. Yeah. And just broadly,
the sort of sustained capital inflows
that you see into Europe is really
having a bearing on the currency. We've
been talking about sort of that euro
strength we see in even 120 coming into
sight, but against the Chinese yuan as
well. It's it's now at levels we haven't
seen going back to 2014. So is that
going to be factoring in? And what does
that tell you about how the PBOC is
managing the currency as well? Yeah, as
you said is a dollar weakness story that
we're seeing here and the euro has been
climbing, emerging market currencies
have been climbing, but if you look at
the UN and you compare it with its
peers, whether it's the Asian currencies
or it's the EM currencies, the UN hasn't
been rising as fast as the rest. So, it
shows you that the PBC has been managing
the pace of this uh strength of the UN.
Of course, it brings a lot of advantages
for Chinese exporters. makes it more
attractive uh to sell to the Euro zone.
But again, could be a sticking point
with European officials. But also, if
you look at this chart, courtesy of Mark
Cranfield, you can see that the last
time we saw this um strength of the euro
against the UN back in 2014, soon after
that, you see a surge in Chinese
equities, the CSI 300 just goes up after
that. And this trend, uh we could be
seeing that maybe in the next few
months, a surge in Chinese equities as
well if the trend continues. Yeah, he
was making the point that sort of the
conditions are right for for further
upside from here. But that was China
correspondent Minim Milo joining us
there. And coming up, we're going to be
hearing exclusively from the head of the
Korean sovereign wealth fund on why it's
actually still confident in US
treasuries despite concerns over the
state of US fiscal coffers. We'll have
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, South Korea's more than $200
billion sovereign wealth fund is betting
big on North America. Korean Investor
Corporation CEO Park Young spoke
exclusively to us about why the region
accounts for more than 60% of its
holdings.
We are happy to the investment
investment in the the US Treasury uh in
a sense that the US treasury bond uh
gives a very strong the liquidity and
the return stable returns and also the
regardless of the any the short-term
market volatilities uh we are expecting
the stable and uh the the
solid returns
uh in the short term. So uh for the time
being uh we maintain our portfolio uh
the treasury bond as our the core
portfolios but uh in the longer term the
we are mindful of the any risks from the
the supply chain
from the investors and also the the the
some
policy uncertainties
long-term term do you need to be
rethinking that? How are you looking at
your exposure to US treasuries longer
term and how are you looking at alter
potential alternatives to US treasury?
Are there alternatives? We are now the
reconsidering our asset allocation. Uh
we understand it
the our long-term the the returns are
largely depend on our asset allocation.
So the
uh among the the the fixed income
investment uh we are also the interested
in investing the the credit okay and uh
credit bond and other other the the
structural bond um uh along with the the
the US treasury and also the more
fundamentally the we are now the
considering to our the allocation
between the fixed income the the global
equity. Do you see alternatives to
public fixed income and would you be
increasing your looking to increase your
waiting into things like private credit
for example and private private lending
and is that what role do you see that
part playing in your portfolio? Actually
though we just start with the the the
investment in fixed income in 20 years
ago. Now we we diversified our portfolio
to the alternative uh investment
including as you said the private equity
and real estate, private credit and uh
infrastructure.
So the
we believe the the alternative
investment will be our core asset in our
portfolio in the longer term. So uh we
are we plan to invest continuously very
and steady
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are hanging into that lunch break and of
course we might need a bit of a breather
here just just given the sell off that
we're seeing in the nicke here this
morning and really uh are seeing most of
that pressure maybe because of some of
these headlines that we're seeing around
the US and Japan trade negotiations and
with President Trump threatening uh to
give a higher tariff level for Japan
after they have been talking and
debating a lot about what rice and
whether uh yeah rice imports and the
like. We did hear from uh some of the
officials saying look they're not going
to sacrifice Japan's agriculture. So
that p more in some ways adding to the
pressure of where things go from here.
Japanese yen is seeing some strength
here this morning amid some of this
dollar weakness as we talk about uh and
seeing really the dollar index falling
some 10% in the first half the biggest
loss we've seen for the first half since
1973. There is a 10-year JJB auction
here today as well and we haven't even
talked about CRA and Governor Aa going
to be speaking there in a couple of
hours. Yeah, going to be really closely
watching his comments, especially
because you had that that tanken survey
out earlier today. Really showing some
confidence among the larger
manufacturers and putting more pressure
on the BOJ. Uh but taking a look at how
we're going for Asian equities because
of course we're going into the third
quarter now, but recapping what we've
seen so far this year and it has been
the best quarter uh for for the MSEI
Asia Pacific index going back to late
2022. You talk about some of those
factors that have played into that.
Firstly, you had some some progress, I
guess, of thoughts on on trade talks
during this time. For instance, you had
the the the Geneva meeting between the
US and China in in midMay. And so that
was a positive factor, a sort of
deescalation, soft dollar that you
mentioned, a pullback in Treasury
yields, weaker oil prices as well. All
of these are supportive factors. Yeah,
all things look much different than
maybe liberation day, right? Um, so
things are looking a lot more resilient
in the face of all that here. And we we
are wrapping up a pretty decent quarter
when it comes to not just the MXP,
right? You talk about how the S&P as
well, best quarter since 2023, and we're
back to all-time highs for that one
already. Asian EM stocks as well did
post its best first half in eight years.
So, we're talking about a 13% gain uh in
in this in the first half. How is MSA,
you know, I extra going to look like?
You know there there are a lot of
questions on what the outlook is going
to be. Let's bring in our senior Asia
equities reporter Abishek Vishnoy. He
joins us now from Singapore. So uh quite
an outperformance when it comes to Asia
EM. What does the second half look like
to you?
Well, you know, our reporting has
suggested that returns may be limited if
you look at uh seasonality, if you uh
talk to some market participants and and
if you look at the events that are lined
up, but you know there is other side of
the coin as well. I mean um look like
you said you know this is like the
biggest decline in dollar index in like
50 years or something right and we you
know you have seen emerging equities
also doing uh closing a pretty nice
first half climbing all those worries.
You know what climbs worries are bulls.
You know bull markets climb worries,
right? Not bare market. So it's a glass
half full half empty. But as we go into
the second half, yes, you know,
fundamentally, if you look at long-term
drivers like earnings and valuations,
there are limited returns on the in the
offing. But at the same time, you know,
markets are, you know, clearly saying
that, you know, these trade deals or
trade tensions are not a risk anymore. I
mean there are several stories that our
reporters are working on on this aspect
and clearly you know um not just US but
there are many other markets which are
finishing around multi-year highs are
close to record highs and that just
signifies that kind of price action
signifies breakouts or breakouts in
offing not breakdowns. So the trend
remains up. Uh fundamentally you know
returns may be less than first half but
then look if sell side buy side uh you
know catches up with markets mood then
maybe even returns would be better.
Just narrowing it down a little bit more
and looking at emerging versus developed
Asian equities that that valuation
discount of EM is certainly narrowing.
Does that sort of dent the appeal and
and what's the impact of that?
Well, honestly when you think about EM
Asia and then do you think about DM Asia
which one has better better growth
rates? EM Asia, right? So actually there
shouldn't be any discount on on EM Asia
versus DM Asia. But yes, having said
that DM Asia especially, you know, um
countries like Japan have got that tech
chain uh those supply chains that were
missing when everybody was looking for a
China plus one or China plus 2 strategy.
Japan was offering that. It it already
had that ecosystem. So that's where it
started scoring more. There were a lot
of corporate reforms. reforms that were
happening. But look, you know, uh, Japan
led the way, but then, you know, similar
reforms are happening across EM Asia. I
mean, China started it. China has has
had a great campaign of returning
capital back to shareholders, we have
seen Korea making significant strides.
In fact, this has become the bullwark of
the uh Korean markets rebound, right?
apart from exports doing well. So um to
my mind and from what our reporting my
talks with fund managers suggest I mean
I don't think there should be any
discount to EM Asia to DM. In fact they
should be trading at premium like they
used to which essentially means that
there is scope for the mood to get
better on China um you know and other
markets which are trading cheaper
relative to India Taiwan and Korea
included. So um you know by all means
that definitely presents a bit more
upside. So you know um like like you
initially pointed out yes uh limited
returns but maybe you know this is the
half where EM Asia outperforms a DM
Asia.
That was AB Bloomberg equities reporter
Abashek Vishnoy joining us from
Singapore. And let's also take a look at
something else. We talk about volatility
across the board, but certainly if
there's a currency that's that's
demonstrating that today and and over
the past few sessions has been the
Taiwan dollar because you've seen these
sort of late day slumps in in in the
local currency there, not just on
Friday, but also late Monday. Today in
the session though, it's been a bit of a
reversal. So, we've seen a surge of more
than 2%. So, it's really that key
question, are we seeing greater
intervention or intervention once again
from the central bank there? But, let's
get more on this now. bring in our
Taipei FX and rate strategist Chen Hua
Wan joining us and and
talk to us about about this this this
action and particularly on the the
Taiwan insurers hedging for FX
volatility. It's still at its lowest in
in years. So so why is that the case?
Yeah. uh as we can see right now the
data we have is as of the end of March
and we if we recall that period that
Taiwan Taiwan dollars is actually weak
uh and it's like also weak among all the
peers and it's also really stable uh not
like the opposite from what we're seeing
right now. So the lifers at then think
that oh it's actually more uh uh
reasonable to cut down their their rate
hing ratios to a very low point. So uh
and also on top of that we can see that
the hygiene cost have been always has
already been uh higher than the usual
level. So it's it's really reasonable
reasonable for them to do that and it
it's also like uh risk uh is under
control and also like the uh the cost
they can reduce the cost. So it's it's a
actually a benefit for them but as as we
see like entering May and and now so we
we also we all see like a very big swing
in the currency. So it's definitely not
the case right now. uh as I attended a
few of their earning calls back in May,
late May. So, some of them has already
confirmed that they will uh add on a bit
of their risk uh hedging ratios. But, uh
I talked to a few analysts and they all
told me that it's not likely that we see
a big rebound, but a real actually a
mild growth from uh the lowest point the
the low point we see we see right now.
Yeah. And that certainly is a challenge
for a lot of these insurers. I mean,
what are sort of the consequences that
they're talking about now?
Yeah. As we can as as we know that uh
Taiwan life insurance has like a big
chunk of their uh assets I think like
around seven uh almost $800 million
dollars uh uh invested abroad and like
over 90% of them are invested in US
dominated uh assets. So right now as we
see the Taiwan dollar surge and the uh
uh amid the bit weakness behind the
green back. So uh right now they they
have uh they're facing that the the the
value of their assets is actually
shrinking. So they have to kind of like
report uh the losses the paper losses on
their on their monthly reports and that
kind of shakens the market uh confidence
in in in the companies.
So more on that. I mean what are
authorities exactly doing here?
Yeah. As we can see like yesterday we
saw like a very uh dramatic turn in the
Taiwan dollar. Yeah. Uh so that's
actually we've been talking to a lot of
traders on this and it's actually uh uh
believe that uh that the central bank is
behind this and kind and helping them to
uh to pro to report to have their uh
semianual annual report uh to to have a
better figure on this and also the
financial regulators has eased a several
rules of them to you know they have a a
bucket of reserves to that they can
offset the currency losses. But right
now uh uh at in into this year they have
like it's almost wiped out uh from the
currency surge we see right now. And um
so so they're easing out tons of rules
for them to use another bucket of money
and put it into the to offset their loss
and and basically making their figures
to look better and uh uh like maintain
the conf uh market confidence in them
for not uh uh you know face a crisis and
stuff.
All right, thank you Chan Juan there.
Taipei FX rate strate reporter there.
Obviously, there's been a lot of talk
about this dollar weakness and Taiwan
certainly has felt it, especially these
insurers as well. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Well, Treasury Secretary Scott Besson
says US trade negotiators are amazed at
the kinds of offers they are getting
from other countries as a July 9th
tariff deadline looms. Besson told us
more about what to expect as talks enter
the final stretch. This is going to be a
flurry going into the final week as the
pressure increases. What can you tell us
about what's coming out of those deals?
Are they inked deals or are they
negotiations
uh for future deals? Well, what what I
can tell you is that the staff level,
whether it's a Treasury, at USR, at
Commerce, people who've been around for
20 years are in amazement and they're
saying these comp these countries are
coming with offers that they can't
believe. So in terms of bringing down
tariffs, non-tariff trade barriers,
we're leaving aside currency uh the
financing of
the labor and uh capital in in an
advantageous way. All these countries
are pulling back. So you've said that
trade negotiations could be wrapped up
by Labor Day. How should investors and
nations impact it be thinking about that
July 9th deadline? And could that be
pushed back to avoid going back to those
April 2nd tariff rates? Well, that's
going to be up to President Trump. And
you know, I'm not going to tell any
country. We we have countries that are
negotiating in good faith, but they
should be aware that if we can't get
across the line because they are being
recalcitrant, then we could spring back
to the April 2nd levels. I hope that
won't have to happen. We have seen no
inflation from tariffs. Uh if we do,
which we don't have to, then there'd be
a one-time price adjustment. Nothing is
more transitory than that. So, you know,
team transitory having failed the
American people in 22, they seem a
little frozen at at the wheel here.
That was the US Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessent there speaking with Bloomberg's
Chinali Barc. And it's not just that
question around how tariff negotiations
are going with a range of different
countries right now. You've also got
other girrations on on Capitol Hill. And
this very much relates to the to the tax
bill and and and Republican party
leaders trying to overcome their own
internal divisions, the way that
Republicans or Democrats rather are
looking at amendments and also ways that
they can exploit those divisions. But a
very interesting post from Ray Dal this
morning on X and he's saying that
essentially both sides need to work
together because the concern here is
also the amount of money that that tax
bill is going to be adding to the
overall deficit. I mean, you're talking
about more than $3 trillion there. So,
he's got a solution for this. He
basically says it's a US deficit/debt
bomb problem. Uh, and he basically says,
you know, if you want to deal with this
sustainably, you need a bipartisan mix
of tax revenue increases and also
spending decreases. So, there he's this
is a message, force to Republicans and
Democrats, of course, as they continue
to debate what's been going on the
Senate floor here and as they try to
rush to try to get that bill through
before the July 4th holiday. Yes. So
certainly of course uh some some
political u instability there but moving
it a lot closer to home this morning
because we are also talking about what's
happening in Thailand and the prime
minister there has reshuffled her
cabinet as she fights for political
survival. Uh the country's
constitutional court is set to decide
today whether to accept a petition
seeking Pyong Tan Shinowatt's removal.
Our Bangkok bureau reporter Pat Picha
Tanaka Sami Pipat joins us now. Papicha.
I mean what is Panton exactly hoping to
achieve with these cabinet changes?
Yes, Annabal. The candidate the cabinet
changes today is a way for Pedantan to
hold on to power while her fate is set
to be decided by the constitutional
court. Uh the court today uh will uh we
will see today whether the court will
accept a case filed by a group of
senators uh alleging that she had
violated uh ethical standards over a
phone call that was leaked by former
Cambodian leader Hunen. And the the
petitioners have asked the court to
suspend her from prime ministerial
duties. And if the court does uh suspend
her from duties, uh uh her appointment
as a cultural minister will still save
her a seat at the cabinet and uh give us
an uh uh pro provide us more government
stability.
A and what happens then if Patton gets
suspended by the constitutional court?
If the court does decide to suspend her
from duties today, that will raise big
questions about government stability and
probably prolong a period of political
uncertainty. In the immediate term, her
uh deputy prime minister Pum Tang Shai
will step up as acting prime minister
and as I as I said earlier, she will
still have a seat at the cabinet as
minister of culture. But uh the here's
the catch. If the court does accept the
case, then we may also need to start
looking at a scenario where we might
need to uh have a new prime ministerial
vote because let's not forget that
Pedongan herself also came into power
after her predecessor said Tatawisen was
removed from power by the same court
over an ethics violation case case much
similar to this one last year.
So, we've got the the the local
benchmark there or local stock exchange
opening in just the next few minutes.
But what's been the reaction so far and
also what are investors saying about
this ongoing crisis?
The ongoing crisis so far in the past
month has weighed heavily on Thai
equities uh adding further risks for
foreign investors who have already sold
more than two billion dollars worth of
Thai stocks so far this year. And as you
mentioned, the set index has slumped by
more than 22% this year and is now uh
the worst performer among major markets
globally. Um all the uncertainty around
whether the court will make a decision
today and what that decision may be and
also uh coupled with rising prospects of
political unrest uh uh during this
period of political turmoil will weigh
on investors mind and likely trigger
more selloff of Thai stocks and also
this comes at a very bad time for the
government uh which already has had
investors worried about its struggles to
uh boost economic growth and handle
tariff talks with the US.
All right. Uh, Papicha, thank you so
much. Papicha Tanakas and Pete there,
our Bangkok bureau reporter with the
latest. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Some corporate stories that were
following for you today. The prospective
buyer of Tik Tok's US operations touted
by President Trump over the weekend is
set to be the same investor group that
bid earlier this year. Now it includes
Oracle, Blackstone, and Horowits. The
first bid for the app stalled in April
as trade tensions between Washington and
Beijing ramped up. President Trump says
the sale depends on approval from the
Chinese leader Xi Jinping. Meta CEO Mark
Zuckerberg announced a major
restructuring of his firm's AI group
that includes a series of new hires.
Meta's AI efforts will now fall under a
new group called Meta Super Intelligence
Labs. Super Intelligence refers to
systems that can do tasks as well as or
even better than humans. Now, Alexander
Wang, former CEO of Startup Scale AI,
will lead the new Meta Group, according
to Internal Memo. Wang will serve as
chief AI officer. And Apple closed up
over 2% after Bloomberg revealed it's
considering using technology from
anthropic or open AI to power a new
version of Siri. Now, that would
sideline its own in-house models and a
potentially blockbuster move aimed at
turning around its flailing AI efforts.
The iPhone maker is struggling to
compete in generative AI, the most
important new technology in decades.
This has been a really great Bloomberg
scoop that we had from Mark German and I
think you can see the market reaction
there, but you're also seeing it today
in the session. We've got a lot of Asian
suppliers to Apple that are also moving
higher. I mean, I think the big question
is is that Apple as a company has been
sort of perceived as being a bit behind
in in AI and and we've sort of seen it
delays to the roll out of Apple
intelligence as well. So, can they get
this right? Even if that involves an
external partner, but can they get it
right? Does that then mean you're
driving a new upgrade cycle for its
devices? But it, you know, turning to to
outside technology, I mean, it could
actually be the key if you want to have
a turnaround in the near term. Yeah. But
what's the cost of using that sort of
outside technology, right? And it's
interesting, Mark German also spoke with
a lot of the employees of Apple and how
internally this is being received,
right? This potential seismic shift. And
if they do go and tap into third
parties, is that mean that they take the
blame for their lag of their lagging in
AI efforts as well? And and they're
saying, look, you know, it doesn't
matter. I'll make get a better job at
Meta because they certainly are poaching
people left and right. This is a really
great story. I mean, we've talked about
this before. that that what Sam Alman
has been saying is just this sort of
competitiveness that you see for talent
in Silicon Valley and that Meta is just
willing to offer huge uh sign on
packages or pay packages of between 10
$40 million they're even up to a hundred
million you know come and join us over
at Meta but they've got a really big
effort in this space as well to build
out artificial super intelligence so if
you want to get into the details of that
AI we know because that's the regular
chatbot AGI that's when you're moving to
cognitive abilities that can resemble a
human. ASI or artificial super
intelligence. I mean, you're going
beyond what any human can do. And that's
not just on the IQ, it's on the EQ. I
mean, it's very ambitious, but I guess
putting that front and center of their
name, MSL or or meta super intelligence
labs tells you exactly where their focus
is headed. All right. I'm still wrapping
my head around AI and you're telling me
about super intelligence and whatever
else is. Yeah. But certainly it's it's
very interesting this sort of battle for
talent and and the key question is is
Apple really finally going to be playing
catch-up and acknowledging that they
need to actually find maybe external
help uh in all this as well and does
that mean a more ramping up of capex uh
for the company like its peers. Uh
market check let's take you right now
we're taking a look at power stock
because it's hot not just everywhere but
also China uh they've been talking about
the scorching heat wave and really what
does it mean for the electricity and
these power stocks are certainly
powering through here today. I mean,
they were talking about maybe close to
40° for some parts the eastern China. I
think we're recording about 35 to 30,
you know, 9 degrees Fahrenheit. No,
Celsius, I should say. That's aboutund
100 degrees Fahrenheit. I think if
you're from the US, but just goes to
show it is hot out there. Yeah, don't
really get me on the degrees to
Fahrenheit conversion. That is a very
difficult one. But yes, exactly. It's
hot. Uh what else is hot right now is
the crypto space and and we're seeing a
wave of different brokerages that are
applying for licenses. Chinese
brokerages to to be licensed essentially
to offer crypto trading and you've seen
some really big moves in this. The
latest is Tang Securities uh that could
be applying for this or looking for that
license in Hong Kong. Of of course uh
crypto trading is banned in mainland
China, but another way that they're
trying to I guess find a new revenue
stream given the traditional securities
just so competitive. Yeah. And certainly
we saw the likes of Guai Junan just a
few weeks ago just surging in the back
of this news here. Interesting enough
Tanfong that brokerage is down some 3%.
That's it for us here in the China show.
Insight with Helena Almond is next.
[Music]